fix: various tweaks of the succinct fdg (#408)
succinctlabs/op-succinct: book/fault_proofs/deploy.md

   forge script script/fp/DeployOPSuccinctFDG.s.sol --broadcast --rpc-url <RPC_URL> --private-key <PRIVATE_KEY>
   ```

## Optional Environment Variables

The deployment script deploys the contract with the following parameters:

| Variable | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|

> | `INITIAL_BOND` | Initial bond for the game. | 1000000000000000 (for 0.001 ETH) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INITIAL_BOND_ETH` | Initial bond in ETH for the game. | Default: 0.001 ETH |
```

User should supply in ETH, they're less likely to make mistakes that way. Alternatively, you can do it in GWei.

> | `CHALLENGER_BOND` | Challenger bond for the game. | 1000000000000000 (for 0.001 ETH) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CHALLENGER_BOND_ETH` | Challenger bond in ETH for the game.. | Default: 0.001 ETH |
```

> These values highly depend on the economic model of the L2 chain. For example, `CHALLENGER_BOND` can be set to 10x of the proving cost needed to prove a game, to prevent frivolous challenges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values depend on the L2 chain, and the total value secured. Generally, to prevent frivolous challenges, `CHALLENGER_BOND` should be set to at least 10x of the proving cost needed to prove a game.
```

   forge script script/fp/DeployOPSuccinctFDG.s.sol --broadcast --rpc-url <RPC_URL> --private-key <PRIVATE_KEY>
   ```

## Optional Environment Variables

The deployment script deploys the contract with the following parameters:

| Variable | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|

> | `INITIAL_BOND_IN_WEI` | Initial bond for the game. | 1000000000000000 (for 0.001 ETH) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INITIAL_BOND_WEI` | Initial bond for the game. | 1_000_000_000_000_000 (for 0.001 ETH) |
```
